README.md, before:

# SWE-3313-Group-6
## Introduction
Welcome to the project repository for Team 06 – Schmendrick's Fools. Our team is developing an application for buying and selling fantasy weapons as part of our SWE 3313 class project. For now, this repository includes details about our team and our overall project plan.

## Meet our Team
- [Daniel Worrel](project-plan/resumes/DanielWorrel.md)
- [Devon Haynes](project-plan/resumes/DevonHaynes.md)
- [Mercy Olaniran](project-plan/resumes/MercyOlaniran.md)
- [Nguyen Hoang](project-plan/resumes/NguyenHoang.md)
- [Tiffany Field](project-plan/resumes/TiffanyField.md)

## Team Assignments
- To ensure the project is running efficiently, we have assigned our team to five different roles: Project Leader, UI Specialist, Documentation Specialist, Backend Developer, and Tester.

- For a detailed explanation of what the responsibilies of each role, click [here](project-plan/team-assignments/README.md).
## Technology Selection
- To build our application, we will be coding in Java through Spring. We will use a JSON database to store user and item attributes.

- Click [here](project-plan/technology-selection/README.md) for a detailed explanation of what technologies and tools we are using and why.

## Gantt Chart
- [Here](project-plan/README.md) we have information about our Gantt chart, which outlines our project timeline and helps us allocate time effectively to build the application.

## Project Plan Presentation 
- The video presentation of our project plan can be found [here](https://www.loom.com/share/7142791640534e538a6149a22727e63b?sid=3d86df32-d01c-465d-b08b-35380c3de78b).

## Requirements
- The requirements for this project can be found [here](project-requirements/).

## Technical Design
- The outline of our technical design for this project can be found [here](https://github.com/MercyOl/swe-3313-fall-2025-team-06/blob/main/technical-design/README.md)

Commit message:

Add user interface design section to README
Added links for UI mockup and video presentation.

README.md, after:

# SWE-3313-Group-6
## Introduction
Welcome to the project repository for Team 06 – Schmendrick's Fools. Our team is developing an application for buying and selling fantasy weapons as part of our SWE 3313 class project. For now, this repository includes details about our team and our overall project plan.

## Meet our Team
- [Daniel Worrel](project-plan/resumes/DanielWorrel.md)
- [Devon Haynes](project-plan/resumes/DevonHaynes.md)
- [Mercy Olaniran](project-plan/resumes/MercyOlaniran.md)
- [Nguyen Hoang](project-plan/resumes/NguyenHoang.md)
- [Tiffany Field](project-plan/resumes/TiffanyField.md)

## Team Assignments
- To ensure the project is running efficiently, we have assigned our team to five different roles: Project Leader, UI Specialist, Documentation Specialist, Backend Developer, and Tester.

- For a detailed explanation of what the responsibilies of each role, click [here](project-plan/team-assignments/README.md).
## Technology Selection
- To build our application, we will be coding in Java through Spring. We will use a JSON database to store user and item attributes.

- Click [here](project-plan/technology-selection/README.md) for a detailed explanation of what technologies and tools we are using and why.

## Gantt Chart
- [Here](project-plan/README.md) we have information about our Gantt chart, which outlines our project timeline and helps us allocate time effectively to build the application.

## Project Plan Presentation 
- The video presentation of our project plan can be found [here](https://www.loom.com/share/7142791640534e538a6149a22727e63b?sid=3d86df32-d01c-465d-b08b-35380c3de78b).

## Requirements
- The requirements for this project can be found [here](project-requirements/).

## User Interface Design
- High-fidelity UI Mockup made with Marvel can be found [here](https://marvelapp.com/prototype/11de3651).

- The video presentation of our user interface can be found [here](https://www.loom.com/share/79ee95996d99461f83eefe161f77a012).

## Technical Design
- The outline of our technical design for this project can be found [here](https://github.com/MercyOl/swe-3313-fall-2025-team-06/blob/main/technical-design/README.md)
